README.md, before:

  
  
# JANUCAT building Compliance, Accountability and Transparency   

JANUCAT is a SaaS data privacy governance solutions aimed at building compliance, accountability and transparency. The main functions of JANUCAT include records of processing activities, data protection impact assessments, asset security assessments, control measures, etc., to help enterprises demonstrate privacy compliance with accountability (GDPR etc.).

## Table of Contents   
1.  [Trial](#1-trial)    
1.1 [System Requirements](#11-system-requirements)      
1.2 [Trial Application](#12-trial-application)      
2.  [Initial Configuration](#2-initial-configuration)      
2.1 [Login](#21-login)     
2.2 [Organization](#22-organization)    
2.3 [Data Classification](#23-data-classification)    
2.4 [Applicable Laws](#24-applicable-laws)    
2.5 [Assessment Templates](#25-assessment-templates)    
2.6 [Users Management](#26-users-management)    
2.7 [Global Settings](#27-global-settings)    
3.  [Record of Processing Activities](#record-of-processing-activities)    
4.  [Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA)](#privacy-impact-assessment-pia)     
5.  [Prepare for Inspection or Audit](#prepare-for-inspection-or-audit)     
6.  [Prepare to Report](#prepare-to-report)    
7.  [Subscription](#subscription)    
8.  [Support](#support)    

# 1 Trial  
  
## 1.1 System Requirements    
  
JANUCAT provides SaaS service, so only web browser is required.   
Chrome is preferred.    

## 1.2 Trial Application  

Fill in the form on page [Free Trial](https://www.janusec.com/free-trial){:target="_blank"} .   
JANUCAT will use work email suffix to identify the tenant, so personal email will not be accepted.  

Once your trial application is approved, you will received an email, which includes the login information.

  
# 2 Initial Configuration    
  
## 2.1 Login  

First, login JANUCAT with the login information you received.   
   
After the first login, modification your password is required.  

Now, you will be the administrator for your organization, and your organization will be the data controller.  
   

## 2.2 Organization  

Under Configuration -> Organization, complete all the legal entities, business groups, and multinational management organization.  
   
Note:  
* Organization shall be configured before this system open to other employees.   

## 2.3 Data Classification  

Review the data classification and data rating.   
   
Especially, modify the data rating according to the internal policy of your company.  
   
## 2.4 Applicable Laws  

European GDPR and China Personal Information Protection Law are preset. If there are other applicable laws, please add them.  
   
Take GDPR as an example, fill the basic information:  
   
Legal bases for processing personal data:  
   
Condition of processing sensitive personal data:  
   
Legal roles:  
   
And transfer mechanisms:  
   
## 2.5 Assessment Templates  

Some typical templates were preset by JANUCAT, if other templates are required, please add to this list.  
   
## 2.6 Users Management  

Add users and set their roles.
   
   
## 2.7 Global Settings  

For security purpose, Email suffix should be limited.  

Configure SMTP for sending reminders and to-dos.  
   
Configure Retention period (example: 1826 days, i.e., 5 years) for automatic cleanup of expired data.   
   
Now you can invite them to use this system by sent the URL.  

# 3 Record of Processing Activities  

Now, switch to a business unit perspective.  
Under Inventory -> Processing Activities, click "Add Processing Activity":  
   
Add data fields processed by this activity:  
   
Finish the internal sharing and external disclosure to third parties:  
   
Then it will produce data flow diagram automatically:  
   
# 4 Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA)  

Under Risk Assessment of each processing activity (or asset, or external recipients), assessments may be created.  
   
Click the assessment name, enter into the details page:  
   
Each assessment has four stages: Initial, Review, Approval, and Done.  
* Initial: the first stage, the business representative fills in the questionnaire.  
* Review: the second stage, the PO (Privacy Officer) review the questionnaire and add comments.  
* Approval: the third stage, the business executive approve or reject the assessment according to the opinion of the PO.  
* Done: Finished status, read only.  

# 5 Prepare for Inspection or Audit  

When prepare for inspection or audit, processing activities and assessments may be exported as pdf files, as input and compliance evidences to an inspection or audit.   

# 6 Prepare to Report  

Under menu Dashboard, operation data is available:  
   
# 7 Subscription  

One-month free subscription is preset when JANUCAT is installed. 

# 8 Support  

Online [Support](https://www.janusec.com/tickets/new)   
Email: support at janusec dot com  
Official Site: https://www.janusec.com

Commit message:

saas and on-premise mode

README.md, after:

  
  
# JANUCAT building Compliance, Accountability and Transparency   

JANUCAT is a SaaS or on-premise data privacy governance solutions aimed at building compliance, accountability and transparency. The main functions of JANUCAT include records of processing activities, data protection impact assessments, asset security assessments, control measures, etc., to help enterprises demonstrate privacy compliance with accountability (GDPR etc.).   

JANUCAT aims to solve three problems:  

* What data we have?   
* Are they compliant?  
* How to demonstrate compliance?  


## Table of Contents   
1.  [Trial](#1-trial)    
1.1 [System Requirements](#11-system-requirements)      
1.2 [Trial Application](#12-trial-application)      
2.  [Initial Configuration](#2-initial-configuration)      
2.1 [Login](#21-login)     
2.2 [Organization](#22-organization)    
2.3 [Data Classification](#23-data-classification)    
2.4 [Applicable Laws](#24-applicable-laws)    
2.5 [Assessment Templates](#25-assessment-templates)    
2.6 [Users Management](#26-users-management)    
2.7 [Global Settings](#27-global-settings)    
3.  [Record of Processing Activities](#record-of-processing-activities)    
4.  [Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA)](#privacy-impact-assessment-pia)     
5.  [Prepare for Inspection or Audit](#prepare-for-inspection-or-audit)     
6.  [Prepare to Report](#prepare-to-report)    
7.  [Subscription](#subscription)    
8.  [Support](#support)    

# 1 Trial  
  
## 1.1 System Requirements    
  
JANUCAT provides SaaS service, so only web browser is required (Chrome is preferred).       
If you need on-premise private deployment by yourself, please select On-Premise/Private mode when you apply for free trial, once your application is approved, the download link and user guide will be send to you by email.    

## 1.2 Trial Application  

Fill in the form on page [Free Trial](https://www.janusec.com/free-trial){:target="_blank"} .   
JANUCAT will use work email suffix to identify the tenant, so personal email will not be accepted.  

Once your trial application is approved, you will received an email, which includes the login information.

  
# 2 Initial Configuration    
  
## 2.1 Login  

First, login JANUCAT with the login information you received.   
   
After the first login, modification your password is required.  

Now, you will be the administrator for your organization, and your organization will be the data controller.  
   

## 2.2 Organization  

Under Configuration -> Organization, complete all the legal entities, business groups, and multinational management organization.  
   
Note:  
* Organization shall be configured before this system open to other employees.   

## 2.3 Data Classification  

Review the data classification and data rating.   
   
Especially, modify the data rating according to the internal policy of your company.  
   
## 2.4 Applicable Laws  

European GDPR and China Personal Information Protection Law are preset. If there are other applicable laws, please add them.  
   
Take GDPR as an example, fill the basic information:  
   
Legal bases for processing personal data:  
   
Condition of processing sensitive personal data:  
   
Legal roles:  
   
And transfer mechanisms:  
   
## 2.5 Assessment Templates  

Some typical templates were preset by JANUCAT, if other templates are required, please add to this list.  
   
## 2.6 Users Management  

Add users and set their roles.
   
   
## 2.7 Global Settings  

For security purpose, Email suffix should be limited.  

Configure SMTP for sending reminders and to-dos.  
   
Configure Retention period (example: 1826 days, i.e., 5 years) for automatic cleanup of expired data.   
   
Now you can invite them to use this system by sent the URL.  

# 3 Record of Processing Activities  

Now, switch to a business unit perspective.  
Under Inventory -> Processing Activities, click "Add Processing Activity":  
   
Add data fields processed by this activity:  
   
Finish the internal sharing and external disclosure to third parties:  
   
Then it will produce data flow diagram automatically:  
   
# 4 Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA)  

Under Risk Assessment of each processing activity (or asset, or external recipients), assessments may be created.  
   
Click the assessment name, enter into the details page:  
   
Each assessment has four stages: Initial, Review, Approval, and Done.  
* Initial: the first stage, the business representative fills in the questionnaire.  
* Review: the second stage, the PO (Privacy Officer) review the questionnaire and add comments.  
* Approval: the third stage, the business executive approve or reject the assessment according to the opinion of the PO.  
* Done: Finished status, read only.  

# 5 Prepare for Inspection or Audit  

When prepare for inspection or audit, processing activities and assessments may be exported as pdf files, as input and compliance evidences to an inspection or audit.   

# 6 Prepare to Report  

Under menu Dashboard, operation data is available:  
   
# 7 Subscription  

One-month free subscription is preset when JANUCAT is installed. 

# 8 Support  

Online [Support](https://www.janusec.com/tickets/new)   
Email: support at janusec dot com    
WhatsApp Commuity: [JANUCAT Data Privacy](https://chat.whatsapp.com/IqKin08nwf4KrgL8FQ6Tgw)    
QQ Group: 723175243    
Official Site: https://www.janusec.com
